[Music]
hello Braley's and Peggy sisters it's
dull King 82 here this is a package
opening video in this video I will be
open in my package from my friend dirt
or reviews and showing you what is
inside okay so i have just an atoll
trade with my friend dirt or reviews i
sent her some my little pony dose in
exchange for some my little pony dolls
from her and in this video i will be
able in the package that she has sent me
and showing you what is inside so let's
get started okay so I've just opened my
package from dirt or reviews and this is
what she has sent me and now I'm going
to show it to you I am really sorry if
my voice sounds bad it's just I'm
getting over a bad book I've had a cold
and they really bad sore throat I'm
still getting over that so I am really
sorry but now i'm going to show you the
items that dirt or reviews has sent to
me okay so first of all she has sent me
a letter i am not going to read it on
camera because YouTube has been for me
about me uploading long videos and it
may take a while to read and make the
video longer if i read it on Tamra so i
will not read it on camera but i will
take a photo of it and include it at the
end of the video then you can read it if
you want to okay so the first items that
she has sent me are two candy tubes and
I'm really glad that she send these to
me because I saw her do a taste test
video with these and I really want to
to try them so I'm very pleased that she
has sent them to me the first one has
gummy worms in it and the second one has
pieces of cookies so I will look forward
to trying those and those are what she
has sent me the next items that she has
sent me are two lollipop holders in the
shape of Batman and Superman and I'm
really pleased with them because I love
superheroes I am NOT a big lollipop
eater but I will eat them sometimes and
I do like them depending on the make I
really love these because I love
superheroes and I'm glad that Laurie
have sent them to me because we both
love superheroes Laurie is not a big fan
of Superman right I am because Superman
is my favorite superhero but by sending
me these I feel like she's saying that
she respects our differences and this is
what the lollipop hold it's not like
they have a long handle with the picture
of the character on them a button at the
side and the character's head at the top
then when you press the button they open
like that one of them has Batman on it
and the other one has Superman this is
how they worked and that is what they
look like and I'm really pleased with
them she has also sent me to superhero
figures which is really cool and I'm
really pleased with them because as I
said before I love superheroes I've
actually just started to collect
superhero figures so they will go
perfectly with my collection one is
Batman they are both on these little
stands and he is in a fighting pose and
the other one is Superman and he is also
a may fighting pose and it's really cool
that she sent him to me because as i
said before i'm a big fan of Superman
but Lori is not say by sending him to me
he's like she's saying that she respects
our differences so that is cool and
those are my two new superhero figures
from dirt or reviews